Let's update the other ones to receive posts as well.
So we've already updated the content here that's being sent over to the Jay Querrey and I'm actually
going to change this from form.
I'm going to just call it form d so that we just have something different other than form.
I don't like to use that exact value there.
So this is the J.
Corey one that we update it let's update the query.
So Ajax query and we see that with Ajax query.
So we're adding in a method type for a post and we can do this really easily with a query because we
already have the method that's being sent over here so this is another parameter that's being sent.
And we can also utilize data and let's grab the data from our HD M-L and we're going to just serialize
it because requiring has this really cool functionality where we can serialize our data.
So it makes it a lot easier to send that information over.
We're not going to even make use of the form.
We're just going to simply serialize the data from the form.
And there's also the method that's being passed in.
Also with the query I want to add in that option if it fails.
So if something happens to our request it doesn't go through properly.
We know that we've got a failure here so we'll do a query error and I'll pass through all of the rest
of those.
The response and the H.R. status as well.
So that will come back as an error as well.
So really that's all we have to do.
For Jay Corey and this serialise actually is much better than the form.
So let's update that and I'm going to simply serialize the form.
I know that I've got some corn mixed in here with the javascript but this is going to provide much better
functionality because the way that Jake Corey serialise works is it turns it into a form format.
So serialise actually transforms that data on a console log out so it can take a closer look.
It's going to transform it into form d form d is the same as serialise.
Let's update it over here as well.
And then lastly within the javascript we need to add in our response headers so we need to specify the
content type and we can do that here when we're making our post.
We can't open it up and then we can specify that the request headers content type is it for you or else
encoded.
So now let's try that it so refresh and Javascript.
So there we go.
So this is actually what we're sending over to the server within the data.
And let's also try a query.
So it works a lot better than form data and with form data there are some some more configuration that
sometimes you have to do that maybe loop through all the different objects and format it properly.
So definitely with.
Query serialise it's a much better way to go to format your form information within this type of format.
And this also makes it dynamic if you add a bunch more inputs there.
It will also post that information over on Saval.
So next let's update the rest of the libraries.
So we've got Jay Corey and I'm going to clean up our code one more time just to make it a little bit
more readable.
So we've got X-ers and fetch still left to go.
So let's update our actual library.
So that's coming up next.
We're going to do the post in that one as well.